
                        Net::SMS, version 2.00

Copyright (c) 2001 SimpleWire. All rights reserved. This program is free
software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same terms
as Perl itself.

For further documentation and support, please check out
www.simplewire.com

  Description
  -----------

    Net::SMS is a global short text messaging service interface via the
    Internet.  It brings you the first and only way to send SMS messages
    through one easy interface.  Simplewire has defined an XML SMS standard
    and will make numerous tools available for developer's use so that SMS
    technology can be better utilized.  Currently, this interface supports
    more than just SMS enabled devices and can send messages to ANY
    protocol.

    The module hides all the difficulties of sending SMS messages and
    guarantees the same interface no matter what changes happen in the
    wireless market.

    Net::SMS is the perl interface to Simplewire's expanding messaging
    network.  The module interacts with Simlewire's Remote Procedure Calls.
    The Remote Procedure Calls provide an XML API and the protocol is open to
    all developers.  For futher support or questions, you should visit
    SimpleWire's website at www.simplewire.com.  There you will find
    support and documentation including the white paper explaining the
    Simplewire XML API.

  Dependencies
  ------------

    The following packages are required in order to run or even install
    Net::SMS.

      * LWP::UserAgent >= 5.47
      * XML::DOM (libxml-enno) >= 1.02

  Features in 2.00
  ----------------

    .  Send messages to ANY wireless device

    .  Provides a consistent interface to wireless devices

    .  Removes the difficult part of interfacing to many different
       wireless providers and carriers.

    .  The Simplewire network will maintain every service so that you
       don't have to.


  Archive Location
  ----------------

    .  The newest release/extensive help/faq/exaples on www.simplewire.com

    .  In the CPAN directory: modules/by-module/Net/

    .  To find a CPAN site near you see http://cpan.perl.org/SITES.html


  Prerequisites
  -------------

    .  Perl Version 5.002 or later

    .  A Windows 95/NT machine requires Perl version 5.003_07 or later


  Documentation
  -------------

    User documentation in POD format is contained within the module
    source (i.e. the .pm file).  Installing using "make install"
    places this documentation in a man page in the perl library under
    the directory "man/man3".  However, the best documentation is
    the example code in the /eg directory form the tar.gz file or
    on www.simplewire.com.

  Installation
  ------------

    These notes work on Unix based systems and there are some changes
    if you are using Windows NT/95/98.  See the special notes below.

	To install, cd to the directory containing the unpacked
    distribution and do one of the following:

	a.  Create a makefile by running Makefile.PL using the perl
        program into whose library you want to install and then run
        make three times:

            perl Makefile.PL
            make
            make test
            make install

    b.  To install into a private library, for example your home
        directory:

            perl Makefile.PL INSTALLSITELIB=$HOME/lib INSTALLMAN3DIR=$HOME/man
            make
            make test
            make pure_install

    c.  Alternatively, you can just copy or move SMS.pm
        from the distribution into a directory named Net/ in the Perl
        library.  You can then manually build the documentation using
        pod2man or pod2html.

    d.  At the time of printing this, there should be more ways to install
        Net::SMS.  Please go to www.simplewire.com and visit our
        Developers section for the easiest ways.  There should be a CPAN
        install and a ppm install.

    Windows NT/95/98 Installation
    -----------------------------
    
	Windows does not come with the make program.  Instead, you will have to
	use a similar program called 'nmake'.  If you have happened to install
    Microsoft's Visual Studio then 'nmake' is already installed on your
    computer and you can fun the following instructions.

    Once you have 'nmake.exe' then you can replicate the instructions laid
    out in the previous a, b, and c subpoint above except replace the 'make'
    command with 'nmake'.  So (a) would be now

          perl Makefile.PL
          nmake
          nmake test
          nmake install


    Some Common Problems
    --------------------

    You most likely have to logged in as root on any machine to be able to
    successfully install either module.  If you cannot log in as root then
    follow choice c. above and just make a directory called Net where your
    programs will run and then copy Pager.pm into it.

    If you have any other questions please visit Simplewire's FAQ or online
    support forum for anwers.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Released: 3/24/2000
Coded By: Joe Lauer <joelauer@simplewire.com>
